---
title: "Rewrite of blog"
date: 2024-07-31
description: "Rewrite"
---

## Update

I think I finally got this site working with eleventy and gh-pages! It was mostly not my work since I took a lot of the site from [the Eleventy example blog](https://github.com/11ty/eleventy-base-blog) and from a layout from [teppy](https://teppyslayouts.neocities.org/), but I put some small finishing touches on my self. Hopefully I have the motivation to continue writing here, but even if I don't, I at least know this blog is mine.

## New layout

So when I decided that I wanted to reboot this blog/personal website, I knew I wanted it to be simpler and built more from the ground up. While I orignally was going to do the whole site in vanilla HTML, CSS, and JS, I decided that if I were actually using the blog, it would be worth the effort to use a static site generator. Comparing Astro, Hugo, Jekkyl, and more, I eventually decided that I would write the site using Eleventy. Eleventy seemed relatively simple to use and to move to from just HTML. This made it easier for me to use an existing [layout and theme](https://teppyslayouts.neocities.org/04) that I liked.

However, it has been quite a bit since I've written/programmed anything. I was almost dead off the water from the start. Luckily, Eleventy is quite popular and I was able to quickly learn just enough to start (although I didn't really learn much since most of this site is a copy of other's work).

Firstly, I started by converting the layout into different Nunjucks components. While I originally grappled with not changing the CSS and HTML and sticking with seperate `base.njk` and `header.njk`, I folded and decided that since the navigation bar was simple enough, I would just put it within `base.njk`.

After that, I moved the actual website content from `base.njk` to `index.md` so it would be easier for me to edit the home page of the site if I needed to. With this, I now had a somewhat working website. I still wanted to add more though.

While I had an existing blog, I never used it and thought that it should have a refresh while I was already working on this site. So I decided that I should also write the blog using Eleventy. This turned out to be really easy to implement since there was an existing blog [template](https://github.com/11ty/eleventy-base-blog) provided by the Eleventy authors. This blog fit my needs really well; it was really simple, it supports code blocks through prismjs, and seemed pretty simple to implement into my existing site.

I still haven't flushed out all the kinks of this setup and would like to set up a few more things. I've been trying for a while to create a simple button in the nav bar that allows changing from dark to light mode but have not been able to figure out how to do this without changing a bunch of other things. I also would like to figure out how the image templates from the example blog work so that images are better for web use. I tried to get it to work, but relative pathes kept messing me up. Finally, I would like to rewrite the parts I took from others to be my own work. It kinda feels like I'm stealing by using everyone else's work.

If you're still reading this, I would like to thank you. Hopefully I'll write something else after this.

OnscreenProton
