---
title: "Media Consumption"
date: 2025-06-27
description: "My consuption of various media recently"
---

Hi again, this post may seem somewhat random, but I just wanted to write an entry about what I've been reading/listening too recently.

## Reading

While I in the past would have frowned down upon myself reading "self help books", I recently picked up *Dopamine Nation* and thought that it was quite a good read. This is going to sound very generic, but I thought that the book gave me another perspective on things that I may have thought about once or twice, but never really given much thought to. Through the whole book, I was drawn in and enjoyed reading the small personal anecdotes from both Lembke and her patients. Although I know that many of the stories were likely cherrypicked to weave the certain narrative that Lembke wanted to put forth, I thought that they all swayed me in a good way.

## Music

In addition to reading, I've also been listening to music a bit more recently. So far, I've been getting back into music I used to enjoy which includes some j-jazz and other electronic/dance stuff. An album I found recently was *Tickle the Ivory* by Minoru Mukaiya who was the keyboardist for Casiopea. I ***REALLY*** enjoyed this album. Some of my favorite songs within it on my first run through were *Long Term Memory*, *Asayake*, and *Reflections of You*. I found that each of these songs were fun and quite playful and I enjoyed listening to them.

Besides chilling out and relaxing, I've not really been doing too much. Although, one thing I did do which took a while was reorganizing my homelab and moving my services from a VM running docker to individual LXCs. This allows me more control (although probably less separation), and allows me to segment them within the network.


Thanks for reading,

\- OnscreenProton
